Updates in `xcube` needed for `xcube-stac` plugin to deal with data access via urls (#999)
xcube-dev/xcube: CHANGES.md

* Migrated the xcube project setup from `setup.py` to the modern `pyproject.toml` format.

> * Support `https` file system using
>   [fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem)](https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem),
>   which can be accessed via a new data store called `https`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new data store `"https"` that uses 
  [fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem)](https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem),
  so that the upcoming xcube STAC data store will be able to access files from URLs.
```
